Document testing (#182)
giantswarm/kong-app: README.md

* https://github.com/Kong/charts/

## Automatic and manual testing

The helm chart in this repository undergoes [a series of automated tests](tests/ats/test_basic_cluster.py) running on a [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) cluster ([kind cluster config](tests/kind_config.yaml)) executed by [app-test-suite](https://github.com/giantswarm/app-test-suite). ([chart values used for tests](tests/test-values.yaml))

> Testing includes creation of a `Deployment`, `Service` and `Ingress` resources to check if reconciliation works as intented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing includes creation of`Deployment`, `Service`, and `Ingress` resources to check if reconciliation works as intended.
```
